readme.md, before:

# trend-bot

***This is a personal test to know more about machine learning 
[WIP]***

Based on this [tutotial](https://activewizards.com/blog/bitcoin-price-forecasting-with-deep-learning-algorithms/)

## Run Server with Docker

1. First build the image: `docker build . -t trend_bot`

2. Run the container `docker run --name trend_bot -p 8080:8080 trend_bot`

or Follow the pre-requisites to setup your environment.

## Pre-requisites

### Backend

- Python 3.7
- anaconda 3
- slicklearn and all its required dependencies
- matplotlib
- django
- seaborn
- pil
- lxml
- keras
- plotly

### Frontend

- Node.js
- @angular/cli (global)

## Settings

1. Get data [here](https://www.kaggle.com/mczielinski/bitcoin-historical-data/data)
2. Rename the file to data.txt
3. Put it at project root

**1.Create a python3.6 environnment**


## Run

**Backend**

1. Activate your Python environment:
Assuming your env is `py36` `source activate py36`
2. Open Anaconda Navigator to install the required dependencies `anaconda-navigator`
3. Run server `python3 manage.py runserver 8000 --nothreading --noreload`

**Frontend**
`cd front`

`ng serve`

## Features

1. Get the BTC (can be either other crypto) trend over the past year.
2. Train the model
3. Display results in charts

Commit message:

Fix server starting with Docker

readme.md, after:

# trend-bot

***This is a personal test to know more about machine learning 
[WIP]***

Based on this [tutotial](https://activewizards.com/blog/bitcoin-price-forecasting-with-deep-learning-algorithms/)

## Run Server with Docker

1. First build the image: `docker build . -t trend_bot`

2. Run the container `docker run --name trend_bot -p 8000:8000 trend_bot`
 next time you can start it with `docker start trend_bot`

or Follow the pre-requisites to setup your environment.

## Pre-requisites

### Backend

- Python 3.7
- anaconda 3
- slicklearn and all its required dependencies
- matplotlib
- django
- seaborn
- pil
- lxml
- keras
- plotly

### Frontend

- Node.js
- @angular/cli (global)

## Settings

1. Get data [here](https://www.kaggle.com/mczielinski/bitcoin-historical-data/data)
2. Rename the file to data.txt
3. Put it at project root

**1.Create a python3.6 environnment**


## Run

**Backend**

1. Activate your Python environment:
Assuming your env is `py36` `source activate py36`
2. Open Anaconda Navigator to install the required dependencies `anaconda-navigator`
3. Run server `python3 manage.py runserver 8000 --nothreading --noreload`

**Frontend**
`cd front`

`ng serve`

## Features

1. Get the BTC (can be either other crypto) trend over the past year.
2. Train the model
3. Display results in charts
